README.md, before:

# browsers
manage multiple independant browser instances

An bb instance is a  completely independent copy of both the browser executable and a faked $HOME.
It can be considered a little like a more powerful profile.

It is easy to create new ones and blow them away. With a bit of tweaking
you can also run multiple browsers and versions of browsers.

run setup and follow instructions. once you have done that you
will have the following scripts:
- `bb`        launches one of your firefox instances
- `bb-list`   lists all your instances, can do a regex search
- `bb-clone`  makes a copy from `default` or from source specified
- `bb-rm`     deletes a copy

You will also need to set up one or more base browser instances. Not to be used, but to be cloned from
The instructions are in the setup script output

## TODO
- special home page - not doing it. see default-home-page.md

## motivation
I already had a system to launch seperate instances of firefox (see below) and i finally got tired of
firefoxes shennanigans.  so i changed to handle a variety of browers, so i could easily shift to a new one
either for experimentation or as each browser became enshittified.

## original motivation
After ff 57, one of my favorite plugins no longer worked (tab groups). There were similar
plugins, unfortunately I couldn't find one that kept the history of tabs that were in a tab group.
Thats really what this was for. I could have achieved most of this just with profiles and a native
system install of firefox, but profiles are annoying (dont like to have to choose them with a mouse).
So I created a system where I could do everything from the command line, with the added benefit of
being able to run different versions of firefox.

Also with this system and something like `noScript` you can limit the amount of `.js` you allow in each instance.
So if you (shudder) use facebook, you can allow the facebook js in only the facebook instance.

## other features
  - tabs are multirow
  - multirow tabs are achieved via `userChrome.css`. There is also a command to update this file
  - background image (like a theme) will show the name of your independant instance (note - currently broken)

Commit message:

added bb-history to README

README.md, after:

# browsers
manage multiple independant browser instances

An bb instance is a  completely independent copy of both the browser executable and a faked $HOME.
It can be considered a little like a more powerful profile.

It is easy to create new ones and blow them away. With a bit of tweaking
you can also run multiple browsers and versions of browsers.

run setup and follow instructions. once you have done that you
will have the following scripts:
- `bb`         launches one of your firefox instances
- `bb-list`    lists all your instances, can do a regex search, must include valid regex
- `bb-clone`   makes a copy from `default` or from source specified
- `bb-rm`      deletes a copy
- `bb-history` greps the launch log for a regex, like bb-list

You will also need to set up one or more base browser instances. Not to be used, but to be cloned from
The instructions are in the setup script output

## TODO
- special home page - not doing it. see default-home-page.md

## motivation
I already had a system to launch seperate instances of firefox (see below) and i finally got tired of
firefoxes shennanigans.  so i changed to handle a variety of browers, so i could easily shift to a new one
either for experimentation or as each browser became enshittified.

## original motivation
After ff 57, one of my favorite plugins no longer worked (tab groups). There were similar
plugins, unfortunately I couldn't find one that kept the history of tabs that were in a tab group.
Thats really what this was for. I could have achieved most of this just with profiles and a native
system install of firefox, but profiles are annoying (dont like to have to choose them with a mouse).
So I created a system where I could do everything from the command line, with the added benefit of
being able to run different versions of firefox.

Also with this system and something like `noScript` you can limit the amount of `.js` you allow in each instance.
So if you (shudder) use facebook, you can allow the facebook js in only the facebook instance.

## other features
  - tabs are multirow
  - multirow tabs are achieved via `userChrome.css`. There is also a command to update this file
  - background image (like a theme) will show the name of your independant instance (note - currently broken)
